hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2015 film insurgent the second
film in the divergent series which has
another installment in the series coming
out in March
so hopefully the summary will get you
ready for the next film if you haven't
seen the summary for the previous film
in this series check out the link below
for a quick overview at the beginning of
the film we find Tris for Caleb and
Peter having survived the battle against
the mind-controlled dauntless and
defeating the erudite have traveled to
Amity to seek refuge MD allows all
factions who seek peace to take refuge
there
however dauntless traitors and erudite
forces arrive at Amity to cert for
abnegation members Tris 4 and Caleb all
escape before the dauntless traders can
find them boarding on to a train of
factionless they travel to a factionless
safe zone where they meet the
factionless leader Evelyn who is
actually for his mother who we thought
was dead Evelyn tells for to convince
the dauntless to join the factionless
Caleb goes to a safe zone with some
abnegation members and Tristan for
travel to the candor headquarters once
they arrive at the candor headquarters
Tris and four are immediately arrested
and are given a truth serum and put on
trial during which they are tried to see
if there was any wrongdoing involved in
their part with the erudite attacks
where Tris admits to having killed some
of her friends who are mind-control even
though it was in self-defense
Tris has have been haunted by the
killings of her mind controlled friends
for and the other dauntless are
surprised by this as they did not know
that this all happened candor is
suddenly attacked by dauntless traitors
led by Erik those at candor are knocked
out by a new serum except for those who
are divergent many of the standing
divergent are killed by the dauntless
traitors and Tris is captured by Erik
Erik tries to take them back to the
erudite headquarters under orders of the
erudite leader Jeanine
Triss is able to injure Eric and escape
and they discover that the new serum
allows the erudite to control people
from a much greater distance after a
brief exchange for kills Eric for being
involved in the murders of hundreds of
people the Dauntless returned to their
headquarters and foreign Tris go to a
meeting with fours mother Evelyn where
they make an agreement to ally with the
factionless to destroy erudite and
destroy the new government however tryst
is not trust Evelyn because Evelyn left
for as a child to be alone with his
abusive father the erudite begin to
activate dauntless members making some
commit suicide every day until a
divergent surrenders to the erudite Tris
overcome by guilt leaves for the erudite
headquarters in order to stop the four
suicides Tris arrives in Jeanine wants
to run tests on her - which Tris agrees
so long as the four suicides stop Tris
also finds out that her brother caleb is
working for erudite four tries to rescue
her but is captured the tests are quite
grueling upon Chris's body and they
revolve around simulations that will
open some mysterious box however her
body is no longer able to take the
simulations an all vital signs stop her
body is taken away but is revealed that
Peter her former nemesis has actually
helped fake her death with a sleep zero
Tris is determined however to open the
mysterious box and find out what the
message is and Peter helps Tris and for
gain access to the box
Tris finally gets the box open to where
a woman reveals that the city of Chicago
and the faction system was all an
experiment and that the divergence were
considered to be successes of the
experiment and that there are others in
the outside world waiting for them to
join the rest of humanity Jeanine
realizing that this revelation would
cause her to lose all of her power
orders the box to be buried and for
interest to be executed the factionless
and dauntless army burst in and rescue
them and arrests both Jeanine and Caleb
the message from the box is broadcast to
the entire city and Tris is hailed as a
hero the film ends with Jeanine stating
that there is no telling what waits for
them outside
of the city after being secluded for 200
years Evelyn the factionless leader
appears behind Jeanine sitting that
Jeanine will never get the opportunity
to find out an Jeanine is executed so
that was the spoilers for insurgent if
you have another film that you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alert it's on our various forms of
social media listed below and remember
to like and subscribe thanks for
watching